.TH "tmux-cssh" "1" "Januar 2014" "1.0.1-0" "User Commands"
#.SH NAME, SYNOPSYS, DESCRIPTION,  OPTIONS,  FILES,   SEE ALSO,   BUGS    und AUTHOR

.SH SYNOPSYS
tmux-cssh [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fI...\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fItmux\fR is a terminal multiplexer, like e.g. \fIscreen\fR, which gives you a possibility to use multiple virtual terminal session within one real terminal session. \fItmux-cssh\fR (tmux-cluster-ssh) sets a comfortable and easy to use functionality, clustering and synchronizing virtual tmux-sessions, on top of tmux. No need for a x-server or x-forwarding. \fItmux-cssh\fR works just with tmux and in a low-level terminal-environment, like most server do.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Help.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB--user\fR [\fIusername\fR]
User to use.
.TP
\fB-c\fR, \fB--certificate\fR [\fIcertificate file\fR]
Path to ssh-certificate to use.
.TP
\fB-sc\fR, \fB--ssh-server-connect-string\fR [\fISSH connection string\fR]
SSH-connection-string, multiple. For exmaple: [username@]my-server.net
.TP
\fB-ts\fR, \fB--tmux-session-name\fR [\fIname of TMUX session\fR]
Alternative tmux-session-name
.TP
\fB-ns\fR, \fB--new-session\fR
Initializes a new session, like \fB-ts\fR [\fIname\fR].
.TP
\fB-q\fR, \fB--quiet\fR
Quiet-mode.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--filename\fR [\fIfile with -sc-strings per line\fR]
Filename of textfile to get -sc connection-strings from, line separated.
.PP
* Other arguments will be interpreted as '\fB-sc\fR'.

.SH EXAMPLES

You can connect to a single server, with a single connection-data:

\fB$ tmux-cssh -sc my-user-name@my-own-server\fR

You can connect multiple server, with different connection-data:

\fB$ tmux-cssh -sc my-user-name@my-own-server -sc second_user@second_server\fR

You can connect to multiple server, with a single connection-data:

\fB$ tmux-cssh -u my-user-name -sc my-own-server -sc second_server\fR

You can connect to multiple server, the short way:

\fB$ tmux-cssh -u my-user-name my_server 1.2.3.4 11.22.33.44 my_second_server my_third_server my_and_so_on_server\fR

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Dennis Hafemann, https://plus.google.com/+DennisHafemann

.SH COPYRIGHT, BUGS
For following issues please take a look on the project-page, \fIhttps://github.com/dennishafemann/tmux-cssh\fR.

* Copyright
.br
* Bugs

.SH SEE ALSO
tmux(1)
